38:1 Thens the LORD answered Job out of the whirlwind, and
said, 38:2 Who is this that darkeneth counsel by words
without knowledge?  38:3 Gird up now thy loins like a man;
for I will demand of thee, and answer thou me.

38:4 Where wast thou when I laid the foundations of the
earth?  declare, if thou hast understanding.

38:5 Who hath laid the measures thereof, if thou knowest? or
who hath stretched the line upon it?  38:6 Whereupon are the
foundations thereof fastened? or who laid the corner stone
thereof; 38:7 When the morning stars sang together, and all
the sons of God shouted for joy?  38:8 Or who shut up the
sea with doors, when it brake forth, as if it had issued out
of the womb?  38:9 When I made the cloud the garment
thereof, and thick darkness a swaddlingband for it, 38:10
And brake up for it my decreed place, and set bars and
doors, 38:11 And said, Hitherto shalt thou come, but no
further: and here shall thy proud waves be stayed?  38:12
Hast thou commanded the morning since thy days; and caused
the dayspring to know his place; 38:13 That it might take
hold of the ends of the earth, that the wicked might be
shaken out of it?  38:14 It is turned as clay to the seal;
and they stand as a garment.

38:15 And from the wicked their light is withholden, and the
high arm shall be broken.

38:16 Hast thou entered into the springs of the sea? or hast
thou walked in the search of the depth?  38:17 Have the
gates of death been opened unto thee? or hast thou seen the
doors of the shadow of death?  38:18 Hast thou perceived the
breadth of the earth? declare if thou knowest it all.

Shit-Ass dead dude... know'st thou of hell fuck castle,
high in the mountains...? (laughter) it was once the domain of king big
sad guy, who did the flame thing.. legend tells of the castle's stewart,
the grat and terrible horsedog, but who is to say if it still roams the
halls... (solid minute of laughter) oh, how silly of me; but of course, a
new arrival in drangranthric wouldst know not such tales... one such as
thee... wouldst be better suited to sharpen the blades of the dreaded
wraith of why'd they put another FUCKING SWAMP LEVEL marsh..... armor type
of dude. that is... ifst thoust canst livest thatst longst... (five
minutes of laughter; unskippable)